he yoke your watery tubers me Papaji
phone well sir why today I'm going to be
unboxing my brand-new soccer shoes which
are the brand new just released Nike
magista Oprah FG as you can see right
there in front of you so don't wear it
do let's start unboxing this bad boy now
this probably does we took for 275 which
is kind of pricey almost 300 bucks but I
actually did get on from soccerpro.com I
got him for 235 something like that cuz
they were on sale something like that
and that was my phone so let me put that
on vibrate so yes one here the lot of
noises so here we go with the quick
unboxing pretty as you can see in the
front we do have this Nike box and I'm
over here in the side I did get them in
a size 9
as you can see magista obrah at G which
right there and this is the retail price
but like I said I actually got it from
245 235 something like that and on so
there you go that is the side of the box
the front and the other side and the
back nothing so on yeah so let's put
this down and um let's open them for the
first time okay here we go I'm excited
to see them for the first time and here
we go C is ready woo look it bad right
cause you can see here we do have the
Nike magista obrah FG soccer shoes which
look really really cool I really like
the color actually feels pretty good in
the hands you can see I got the studs
there in the bottom nice the side of the
shoe feels really good lightweight eyes
look at there right there the laces the
orange really really really cool and
over here does hit magista the inside
awesome awesome so let's put this to the
side for now because we still have more
things inside the box so let's open this
bad boy up and this is the other parent
of course she's like that and you also
get a a bag which is kind of cool so you
do get a travel bag or a Nike bag where
am i B which is the same color of the
shoes it's kind like a lime green like a
bolt color put on there you go a Nike
football so that it's the front and the
back we do have the Nike logo right
there so on so there you have it just a
quick unboxing on the brand new Nike
magista Oprah FG soccer shoes you can
see right there in front of you stay
tuned because I will be having a full
view on this product really soon telling
you guys whether I think they're worth
the money which is 300 bucks which is
really expensive I know a lot of people
can't afford this shoes because they're
a lot of money so I'm stay tuned to the
channel I will be giving you guys a
review on this our shoes really soon
make sure to subscribe to this channel
and make sure to stay tuned because I'll
probably be doing a giveaway on this
product I'll probably be giving away a
pair other brand new and I keep magista
obrah soccer shoes so States's of the
channel make sure to hit the like button
cuz it does something a bunch and now
let me put them on to you to see how it
looks as soon as you put them on for the
first time so don't pursue let's get
this going alright so this how they look
like once you've put them on for the
first time I gotta say I'm impressed
they feel really really comfortable in
my feet as you can see look at them they
look really really cool and I'm yeah
just can't wait to go to a field you
know shoot some free kicks things like
that just pass the ball but overall they
feel really comfortable and
yeah so let me know what do you think
about the shoes ts like them dislike
them let me know but I'm staying tuned
like a city for my full view coming up
soon and um yeah so um yeah overall
awesome pair of shoes are shoes love
them and I'm thinking there's so much
for watching please make sure to like
this video for it this videos work
because it does show me a bunch and stay
tuned for more videos coming up soon to
the channel make sure you hit the like
button subscribe you haven't and I see
ice and my next video peace